hey this is pressed Elle Walker and
you're watching mind your decisions most
of the time you'll see a big difference
if weather is reported in Fahrenheit or
in Celsius usually the temperature in
Fahrenheit is substantially larger than
the same temperature expressed in
Celsius but there are certain cities and
extreme weather conditions in which the
Fahrenheit and Celsius values are nearly
the same number so this raises an
interesting mathematical question about
these two temperature scales at what
temperature does the degrees in
Fahrenheit exactly equal the degrees in
Celsius
we'll start with the conversion that the
degrees in Fahrenheit is equal to 9/5
times the degrees in Celsius plus 32 we
want the degrees in Fahrenheit to equal
the degrees in Celsius so we'll write
degrees Celsius for degrees Fahrenheit
we now have an equation in one variable
we'll write five over five for one we
now subtract nine fifths degree Celsius
from both sides we then multiply both
sides by negative five over four and we
get the answer of negative forty degrees
Celsius is exactly equal to negative 40
degrees Fahrenheit if you are in such
conditions like parts of the United
States right now please stay warm thanks
for watching these math videos available
for free on YouTube build confidence for
students and inspire mathematical
discovery for viewers around the world
they have over a hundred million views
and the channel has over 1 million
subscribers please subscribe for free to
get the newest videos and email me a
puzzle or math topic pressure and mind
your decisions calm if you so choose you
can check my merchandise on teespring
you can check out my books listed in the
video description and you can support me
on patreon thanks for watching and
thanks for your support